AMY:
The new Emerald Coast Resort
sounds like the perfect place
to get away from it all.
You can hang out at the beach
or float in the crystal clear
ocean all day long,
then dine as you watch
a spectacular sunset.
It sound absolutely romantic.
I wish we were going
to the opening party.
We'll have fun
at the Thorndyke's villa.
Are you ready to go, Cheese?
Chao! Chao!
I'm ready, too, guys.
My flight plan will take us
right to the Emerald Coast.
Be careful, Tails, and try
not to let anybody see you.
They won't have a problem
as long as they stay
on the grounds of the villa.
I wish I could hang out
with them
instead of going
to the resort opening.
I know, but your mother
can't make it,
so she needs you
to go in her place.
You won't have to stay long,
and after, you can join
the others at the villa.
That's great.
I can give you
a swimming lesson, Sonic.
You guys go on without me.
I'm gonna stay right here.
Huh?
Sonic, you mean
you're not coming with us?
That's right.
Have fun.
I gotta run.
That's weird.
I wonder why Sonic doesn't want
to go to the Emerald Coast.
It must be
because Sonic hates water.
He won't go near the ocean
because he can't swim.
I forgot that.
But Sonic doesn't have to swim.
He could go running
on the beach.
It's not gonna be as much fun
without Sonic.
[Horn honks]
ELLA:
Mr. Chris, we have to leave now,
or you'll be late
for the ceremony.
Have a great time, Chris.
We'll meet up later.
Okay.
Don't be long.
See you there.
Chao, chao, chao!
And don't be nervous, Chris.
That opening party
will be just fine.
Uh, yeah.
[Chuckles nervously]
Next stop, Emerald Coast.
Hang on.
- Whoa!
Here we go!
Huh?
Aah!
Master Chris, remember
that you are representing
the Thorndyke family
on this trip.
I'll do my best, Mr. Tanaka.
Who needs the ocean?
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Laughter]
[Gasps]
This place is unbelievable.
It sure is, Amy.
I'm really glad we came.
And we'll have even more fun
when Chris gets here.
[Indistinct conversations]
[Sighs]
Try to look interested.
[Laughs nervously]
Lovely.
I just wish Sonic were here
to enjoy this with me.
It would be so romantic!
Oh!
We'd be so happy!
Huh? Ohh!
[Growls]
Oh!
You just ruined my fantasy!
[Panting]
Just thinking about Sonic
can make me crazy.
[Sighs]
[Woman giggles]
[Both laughing]
You're so wonderful, Chad.
So are you, Wendy.
Sonic, where are you?
Chad, I made something for you.
For me?
Yes, it's nothing really,
but I want you to have it.
It's a lucky charm
for when you go in the water.
It's just like mine.
Thank you.
I'll always wear it
and think of you.
Oh, Chad.
Oh, Wendy.
Hmm.
I wonder what Sonic would say.
Who's that for, Amy?
Uh, oh, nobody.
You didn't make that for Sonic,
did you?
No, of course not.
- Huh?
- Whoa!
I'm turning
the Emerald Coast Resort
into my kind of stomping ground.
All right, time for my
deconstruction crew.
I have to find a way
to call Sonic.
EGGMAN:
You're my first guests.
Welcome to Eggman's Scream Park,
where your first vacation
is guaranteed to be your last.
[Laughs evilly]
Stay back, Chris.
I will guard you.
As your father's servant,
it is my duty to protect you,
even if it means
sacrificing myself.
Now it is time for both of us
to face our fate.
ELLA:
Easy now.
Tanaka, you aren't even
strong enough to lick a stamp.
It's true.
Right now,
our only hope is Sonic.
Hey!
Huh?
Ohh.
I forgot that everybody's gone
but me.
You don't see beautiful flowers
like this at the seashore.
The mountains are far superior.
Sonic?
So, you're finally here,
are you?
Yeah.
Oh!
A gang of robot destroyers has
been wrecking hotels and resorts
all along the Emerald Coast.
The situation is growing
more dangerous by the hour.
Authorities have issued
evacuation orders.
[Grunts]
Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!
The owners
of the Emerald Coast Resort
didn't invite me to their
opening, so I knocked it down
and turned it into my own
vacation destination.
It's now Eggman's Scream Park!
- [Giggles]
- Huh?
I brought you
a personal invitation.
Your friend Chris
is already there.
He's having a great time.
Stop by.
We'll have a real blast.
- Hee hee hee!
- Ohh. Ohh.
Ohh!
Oh, well.
[Gasps]
It's Eggman!
Out of the way.
I've got to save Chris.
Aah!
Huh?
Amy, what are you doing?
Sonic's gonna show up to help,
but if he doesn't,
Chris will need
all the help he can get.
Okay.
Here we go.
I hope they make it back safely.
[Laughs evilly]
Build faster.
Don't use too many
nails and bolts,
and make sure
you water down the cement.
I want these rides to be the
most dangerous in the universe.
Well, well.
Sonic!
Hiya, Chris.
Thought I'd drop by for a visit.
Huh?
You fell right into my trap,
Sonic.
I know you can't swim,
so I lured you to the sea.
Get him, Octoron!
You won't get away.
Oh, yeah?
Just watch me.
Let him go!
[Laughs]
I'm giving Sonic a choice.
He can either forfeit the fight
or forfeit his life.
Well, how do you like the ocean?
It's delightful.
Good, then let's see how long
you're able to stay under.
Don't let Sonic
slip out of your grip, Octoron!
Haul that hedgehog
back into the ocean
and don't let him up for air!
Come on, Octoron,
flex those tentacles!
Sonic.
Amy, wait!
Let him go!
How could you?
Keep your rotten robots
away from my Sonic,
or you're gonna be sorry.
Whoa!
Thanks, Amy.
TAILS:
Hey, Sonic!
Oh, no!
Sonic!
Whoa, lighten up, Amy.
EGGMAN:
You won this time.
But I'm not through.
Yeah, right.
What you did was crazy.
I know, but you make me
do crazy things.
Ohh.
Everything okay down there?
Yeah, Tails,
thanks for the ring.
Thank you.
Hey!
Huh?
Sonic, this is a bracelet I made
to protect you in the water.
Oh.
You made it for me?
If you wear it,
it'll bring you good luck.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Ohh.
- Whoa!
Your bracelet!
I can't believe it.
I told you I wasn't through
with you, Sonic, didn't I?
My Quizon have merged
to form Serpenter,
and it's ready to strike.
Impressive, isn't it, Sonic?
That thing is pretty tall,
but I bet in a battle
it comes up short.
EGGMAN:
You'll need more than speed
to survive this robot, Sonic.
Really?
Yo, fang face!
Let's see how quickly
you can slither.
After him, Serpenter.
Get rid of that blue bozo.
You heard your boss, slowpoke.
Right here!
Catch me!
[Crying]
I guess my charm
wasn't so lucky.
All right, Serpenter,
you know what to do.
Put the squeeze on Sonic,
and then toss him out to sea.
Aah!
Now you're gonna pay!
Don't mess with me.
Oh, my.
Oh, no.
Perhaps I better go.
Aah!
[Coughing]
- [All gasp]
- Amy!
[Inhales deeply]
I can't believe it.
Sonic's swimming.
No, Sonic!
[Giggling]
Hey, Sonic, hold on!
Wait for me!
CREAM:
Wake up, Amy.
Huh?
Amy!
You're awake.
Where am I?
You're back at Chris' villa.
They brought you here after you
were pulled out of the water.
Who brought me?
Chris and Tails
in the X-Tornado.
Is Sonic okay?
Yes, but he went back home.
Oh.
[Voice breaking]
The bracelet's gone.
[Crying]
I made it just for him,
and now it's gone.
Oh, don't cry.
It was a good luck bracelet
to protect him in the water,
but I guess Sonic
had good luck anyway.
I think Sonic's very lucky.
[Sneezes]
Sonic, you gotta stay
out of the water.
Hmm.